README.md, before:

# Katibeh Arabic Font Project

Katibeh is a headline font based on the Naskh script, infused with some qualities of the Thuluth script.
The small serif-like outstrokes make Katibeh remind us of archaic designs, but other aspects of the design are very contemporary touches.
The result is something between tradition and today.
Katibeh has ligatures that Arabic and Persian readers are familiar with, to make it comfortable for reading longer texts.
Unlike many other Arabic fonts, Katibeh includes a Latin typeface designed for harmony with the Arabic to make it useful for multilingual texts.

# Preview

[Homepage](http://tarobish.github.io/Katibeh/)

At the [Live Testing Page](http://tarobish.github.io/Katibeh/html/live-testing.html#?eJyrVkrLzytRslIqNzEwUNJRKkmtKHHJLAIKFJXkAPmpucGZValArrlRQQmQn5OYlw7kJRYB2clAnalgzTc232y5sfxmq8KjhkUKN1tvbLyx9saKG8vBXI/UnJx8oOqUxBKQOUYGhma6Bka6RqYhhhZWxiZWJmZ6ZpYWUUq1AFkfMOo=) you can test the fonts in the browser.

If you like the live testing page see [Online Font Project](https://github.com/graphicore/online-font-project).

There are some PDF [Testing documents](./Generated/Documents).

# Building

## Dependencies

To build the font files:

* fontTools: https://github.com/behdad/fonttools
* AFDKO (makeotf): http://www.adobe.com/devnet/opentype/afdko.html
* python-fontforge (`>>> import fontforge`): http://fontforge.github.io
* defcon ufo3 branch: https://github.com/typesupply/defcon/tree/ufo3
* unicodedata2: https://github.com/mikekap/unicodedata2

To build the pdf testing documents:

* latexmk: https://www.ctan.org/pkg/latexmk/
* texlive (xetex): https://www.tug.org/texlive/ (http://xetex.sourceforge.net/)

## Build the fonts:

```
.Path/to/Katibeh$ ./Tools/build.sh
```
This will create all files in the `Build` directory

## Testing documents

You should have created/updated the fonts in `Build`. See above.


```
.Path/to/Katibeh$ make preparedoc
.Path/to/Katibeh$ make doc
```

This will generate pdf files in `Generated/Documents`

# Workflow

Katibeh was designed using [Glyphs](https://glyphsapp.com/).

The source files are in the `Sources` directory.  `Katibeh Master.glyphs` and `Katibeh-LATIN-OPEN.glyphs`

We use `*.ttf`, `*.otf` and `*.ufo` (for kerning) files generated by Glyphs (with production names)
in the build process. The files are located in the `Generated/Arabic` and `Generated/Latin` directories.

The build process merges the Arabic and Latin sources and generates OT-features for them.

GSUB features are defined in the `*.fea` files in `Sources`.

GPOS features are generated on the fly from the files in `Generated` directories.
`mark` and `mkmk` are taken from the `*.otf` files, `kern` is created from the `*.ufo`s.

# Credits and License

* Arabic font design: Kourosh Beigpour
* Latin font design: Eduardo Tunni
* font engineering: Lasse Fister

License: [SIL OPEN FONT LICENSE](./OFL.txt)

Copyright 2015, 2016 KB-Studio (www.k-b-studio.com|tarobish@gmail.com).

Copyright 2015, 2016 Lasse Fister (lasse@graphicore.de).

Copyright 2015, 2016 Eduardo Tunni(edu@tipo.net.ar).

Commit message:

Add 'make all' as default target to run the build script

README.md, after:

# Katibeh Arabic Font Project

Katibeh is a headline font based on the Naskh script, infused with some qualities of the Thuluth script.
The small serif-like outstrokes make Katibeh remind us of archaic designs, but other aspects of the design are very contemporary touches.
The result is something between tradition and today.
Katibeh has ligatures that Arabic and Persian readers are familiar with, to make it comfortable for reading longer texts.
Unlike many other Arabic fonts, Katibeh includes a Latin typeface designed for harmony with the Arabic to make it useful for multilingual texts.

# Preview

[Homepage](http://tarobish.github.io/Katibeh/)

At the [Live Testing Page](http://tarobish.github.io/Katibeh/html/live-testing.html#?eJyrVkrLzytRslIqNzEwUNJRKkmtKHHJLAIKFJXkAPmpucGZValArrlRQQmQn5OYlw7kJRYB2clAnalgzTc232y5sfxmq8KjhkUKN1tvbLyx9saKG8vBXI/UnJx8oOqUxBKQOUYGhma6Bka6RqYhhhZWxiZWJmZ6ZpYWUUq1AFkfMOo=) you can test the fonts in the browser.

If you like the live testing page see [Online Font Project](https://github.com/graphicore/online-font-project).

There are some PDF [Testing documents](./Generated/Documents).

# Building

## Dependencies

To build the font files:

* fontTools: https://github.com/behdad/fonttools
* AFDKO (makeotf): http://www.adobe.com/devnet/opentype/afdko.html
* python-fontforge (`>>> import fontforge`): http://fontforge.github.io
* defcon ufo3 branch: https://github.com/typesupply/defcon/tree/ufo3
* unicodedata2: https://github.com/mikekap/unicodedata2

To build the pdf testing documents:

* latexmk: https://www.ctan.org/pkg/latexmk/
* texlive (xetex): https://www.tug.org/texlive/ (http://xetex.sourceforge.net/)

## Build the fonts:

```
.Path/to/Katibeh$ make
```

Or run the build script directly:

```
.Path/to/Katibeh$ ./Tools/build.sh
```
This will create all files in the `Build` directory

## Testing documents

You should have created/updated the fonts in `Build`. See above.


```
.Path/to/Katibeh$ make preparedoc
.Path/to/Katibeh$ make doc
```

This will generate pdf files in `Generated/Documents`

# Workflow

Katibeh was designed using [Glyphs](https://glyphsapp.com/).

The source files are in the `Sources` directory.  `Katibeh Master.glyphs` and `Katibeh-LATIN-OPEN.glyphs`

We use `*.ttf`, `*.otf` and `*.ufo` (for kerning) files generated by Glyphs (with production names)
in the build process. The files are located in the `Generated/Arabic` and `Generated/Latin` directories.

The build process merges the Arabic and Latin sources and generates OT-features for them.

GSUB features are defined in the `*.fea` files in `Sources`.

GPOS features are generated on the fly from the files in `Generated` directories.
`mark` and `mkmk` are taken from the `*.otf` files, `kern` is created from the `*.ufo`s.

# Credits and License

* Arabic font design: Kourosh Beigpour
* Latin font design: Eduardo Tunni
* font engineering: Lasse Fister

License: [SIL OPEN FONT LICENSE](./OFL.txt)

Copyright 2015, 2016 KB-Studio (www.k-b-studio.com|tarobish@gmail.com).

Copyright 2015, 2016 Lasse Fister (lasse@graphicore.de).

Copyright 2015, 2016 Eduardo Tunni(edu@tipo.net.ar).
